# AdWords-Budget-Management-Tool
Online Advertising Budget Management  We are not sure If we have any tools or systems are existing in the market to manage Paid Ads or Online Advertising budgets in one place. As we are in digital marketing, we know better how marketers are struggling to manage their money and what they spend across all the AdWords platforms. I hope most digital marketers manage online marketing budgets on excel or spreadsheets but we are not sure how they are generating insightful reports such as how much spent, leads per cost, monthly spend, yearly spend, and much more. After studying all the above, we have crafted a new platform called AdWords Budget Management help to manage AdWords (Google Ads, Microsoft Ads, LinkedIn Ads, Facebooks Ads, and other ads) budget, spend amount for a month to a year.  AdWords Budget Management is developed in Laravel framework with MySQL database. AdWords project is an insightful tool to manage your PPC campaigns budget more efficiently, and reports give you an idea about how much is spent on each platform, how many leads are generated from each platform, cost per lead, how much money remains to spend for the month. Digital agencies or marketers can track easily their campaign’s performance, cost leads all in one place. AdWords tool offers reports for Month-to-date (MTD), Year-to-date (YTD), based on this you can make a decision on ROI, which AdWords platform is generating more leads, sales, and so on. We hope this would be a great tool to manage your online marketing budgets, campaigns, and money. We hope each one has different requirements, so we are ready to customize it as per your needs.  AdWords Budget Management has the following key features:  Dashboard Settings Users Management Manage Campaigns Ad Vendors Master Currency Master Manage Budget User Profile Spent Reports (MTD, YTD)

More details:
https://www.coderobotics.com/product/adwords-budget-management/
